Not exactly. One of his conditions was that his family was also to be taken safely to the West. We used a mole to get the family out first and succeeded in sneaking Sokolov over the Berlin Wall shortly afterwards. I was the one who conducted the operation.
Do you copy? You're already in enemy territory, and somebody might be listening in. From here on out, we'll be using codenames to refer to each other. Your codename for this mission will be Naked Snake. I'll be referring to you as Snake from now on. You are not to mention your real name.
You... You're from the Ocelot unit of Spetsnaz! What's a GRU soldier doing here?
Snake, listen to me! You need emergency medical treatment. Can you move? You've got to get those wounds treated. Hang in there! All right, let's get you fixed up... Para-Medic?
The safest way in is from the rear. First, you'll have to head north through the jungle. You'll come to a heliport used for shipping materials. Pass the heliport and continue north, and there will be a large crevice. Descend into that area and you'll reach a cave. Move through the cave and you will arrive at a mangrove swamp. After the swamp, there'll be a warehouse. Make your way through the warehouse and you'll come out just south of the lab.
It's a nice gun, I'll give you that. But the engraving gives you no tactical advantage whatsoever. Unless you were planning to auction it off as a collector's item. And you're forgetting one more very basic thing... You don't have what it takes to kill me.
These bastards will live to regret this. And when they themselves become the targets of my creation, they will know my true greatness. Yes! Sokolov's pathetic Shagohod pales in comparison to my work! What are you going to do with a rocket engine on a tank?
The C3 charges all have to go off at once if you want to bring down the hangar in one fell swoop. So if I were you, I'd wait until after you plant the last charge to start the timer mechanism.
It means there's no backup. No cavalry. If you're taken out, nobody is there to take your place.